README.md, before:

# COVID-19-Utility-Web-Application v1.6.2 (Beta)
A program that gathers Coronavirus (COVID-19) data and employs its statistics onto an easy-to-understand Streamlit webpage. This is the first version, and is a work-in-progress, it will be further updated as more, major changes are made. This was made to further familiarize myself with the Python language and the Streamlit service. Being in an on-going pandemic, this tool will be useful to view COVID-19 data in an accessible manner for better understanding. 



- **COVID-19-Utility-Web-Application v1.6.2 (Beta) can run (localized) through your IDE or accessed via the Streamlit webpage.**
![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/y/ariankharazmi/COVID-19-Utility-Web-Application) ![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/ariankharazmi/COVID-19-Utility-Web-Application) ![GitHub Release Date](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date/ariankharazmi/covid-19-utility-web-application) ![GitHub (Pre-)Release Date](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date-pre/ariankharazmi/covid-19-utility-web-application)

# Streamlit Webpage ---> [COVID-19-Utility-Web-Application v1.6.2 (Beta)](https://ariankharazmi-covid19-utility-web-application.streamlit.app/)

* ## Web View: v1.6.2 (Beta)
## ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/100003892/226387211-6b2c1264-535c-4779-93e7-21161c9de64a.png)
## ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/100003892/226387303-4ad4f1ab-33a5-4bef-8d77-0b48dd6ea6a7.png)

Commit message:

COVID-19-Utility-Web-Application becomes Archived
Archived

README.md, after:

# COVID-19-Utility-Web-Application v1.6.2 (Beta)
# Update 2024: COVID-19-Utility-Web-Application has ceased live COVID-19 tracking (Data last updated on 12 April 2024)
* Due to the changing state of the COVID-19 Pandemic, and the depreciation of APIs that were used for tracking Coronavius data, the COVID-19-Utility-Web-Application has stopped being updated with active data. The data cutoff is 12 April 2024. This project was one of the first "big" projects I worked on, from early 2022 - 2023. I learned a lot about Python while working on this program, one of my favorite projects. It will remain up in an 'archived' state.


A program that gathers Coronavirus (COVID-19) data and employs its statistics onto an easy-to-understand Streamlit webpage. This is the first version, and is a work-in-progress, it will be further updated as more, major changes are made. This was made to further familiarize myself with the Python language and the Streamlit service. Being in an on-going pandemic, this tool will be useful to view COVID-19 data in an accessible manner for better understanding. 



- **COVID-19-Utility-Web-Application v1.6.2 (Beta) can run (localized) through your IDE or accessed via the Streamlit webpage.**
![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/y/ariankharazmi/COVID-19-Utility-Web-Application) ![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/ariankharazmi/COVID-19-Utility-Web-Application) ![GitHub Release Date](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date/ariankharazmi/covid-19-utility-web-application) ![GitHub (Pre-)Release Date](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date-pre/ariankharazmi/covid-19-utility-web-application)

# Streamlit Webpage ---> [COVID-19-Utility-Web-Application v1.6.2 (Beta)](https://ariankharazmi-covid19-utility-web-application.streamlit.app/)

* ## Web View: v1.6.2 (Beta)
## ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/100003892/226387211-6b2c1264-535c-4779-93e7-21161c9de64a.png)
## ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/100003892/226387303-4ad4f1ab-33a5-4bef-8d77-0b48dd6ea6a7.png)
